
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/B-3-1 tests/custom/B-3-1.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/B-3-2 tests/custom/B-3-2.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/B-3-3 tests/custom/B-3-3.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/B-3-4 tests/custom/B-3-4.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/B-3-5 tests/custom/B-3-5.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-10 tests/custom/D-1-10.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-1 tests/custom/D-1-1.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-2 tests/custom/D-1-2.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-3 tests/custom/D-1-3.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-4 tests/custom/D-1-4.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-5 tests/custom/D-1-5.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-6 tests/custom/D-1-6.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-7 tests/custom/D-1-7.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-8 tests/custom/D-1-8.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-1-9 tests/custom/D-1-9.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-2-1 tests/custom/D-2-1.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-2-2 tests/custom/D-2-2.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-2-3 tests/custom/D-2-3.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-2-4 tests/custom/D-2-4.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-10 tests/custom/D-3-10.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-11 tests/custom/D-3-11.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-12 tests/custom/D-3-12.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-1 tests/custom/D-3-1.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-2 tests/custom/D-3-2.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-3 tests/custom/D-3-3.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-4 tests/custom/D-3-4.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-5 tests/custom/D-3-5.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-6 tests/custom/D-3-6.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-7 tests/custom/D-3-7.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-8 tests/custom/D-3-8.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-3-9 tests/custom/D-3-9.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-F-1 tests/custom/D-F-1.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-F-2 tests/custom/D-F-2.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/D-F-3 tests/custom/D-F-3.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
cc -std=c11 -D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L -Ifs -I. -fdiagnostics-color=always -Wall -Werror -Wextra -Wcast-align -Wconversion -Wfloat-equal -Wformat=2 -Wnull-dereference -Wshadow -Wsign-conversion -Wswitch-default -Wswitch-enum -Wundef -Wunreachable-code -Wunused -Wno-sign-compare -fsanitize=thread -g -O3 -o tests/custom/template tests/custom/template.c fs/operations.o fs/state.o -lpthread
